http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/alvignano/;Alvignano;alvignano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/aversa/;Aversa;aversa
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/caianello/;Caianello;caianello
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/caiazzo/;Caiazzo;caiazzo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/calvi_risorta/;Calvi Risorta;calvi_risorta
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/camigliano/;Camigliano;camigliano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/capua/;Capua;capua
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/carinola/;Carinola;carinola
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/casagiove/;Casagiove;casagiove
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/casal_di_principe/;Casal di Principe;casal_di_principe
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/caserta/;Caserta;caserta
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/castel_volturno/;Castel Volturno;castel_volturno
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/castello_del_matese/;Castello del Matese;castello_del_matese
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/cellole/;Cellole;cellole
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/cervino/;Cervino;cervino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/cesa/;Cesa;cesa
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/curti/;Curti;curti
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/dragoni/;Dragoni;dragoni
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/francolise/;Francolise;francolise
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/frignano/;Frignano;frignano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/grazzanise/;Grazzanise;grazzanise
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/gricignano_di_aversa/;Gricignano di Aversa;gricignano_di_aversa
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/letino/;Letino;letino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/liberi/;Liberi;liberi
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/lusciano/;Lusciano;lusciano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/macerata_campania/;Macerata Campania;macerata_campania
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/maddaloni/;Maddaloni;maddaloni
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/marcianise/;Marcianise;marcianise
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/mondragone/;Mondragone;mondragone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/orta_di_atella/;Orta di Atella;orta_di_atella
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/piedimonte_matese/;Piedimonte Matese;piedimonte_matese
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/pietramelara/;Pietramelara;pietramelara
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/raviscanina/;Raviscanina;raviscanina
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/recale/;Recale;recale
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/san_cipriano_d%27aversa/;San Cipriano d'Aversa;san_cipriano_d%27aversa
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/san_felice_a_cancello/;San Felice a Cancello;san_felice_a_cancello
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/san_gregorio_matese/;San Gregorio Matese;san_gregorio_matese
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/san_marcellino/;San Marcellino;san_marcellino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/san_nicola_la_strada/;San Nicola la Strada;san_nicola_la_strada
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/san_prisco/;San Prisco;san_prisco
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/sant%27angelo_d%27alife/;Sant'Angelo d'Alife;sant%27angelo_d%27alife
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/sant%27arpino/;Sant'Arpino;sant%27arpino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/santa_maria_a_vico/;Santa Maria a Vico;santa_maria_a_vico
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/santa_maria_capua_vetere/;Santa Maria Capua Vetere;santa_maria_capua_vetere
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/santa_maria_la_fossa/;Santa Maria la Fossa;santa_maria_la_fossa
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/sessa_aurunca/;Sessa Aurunca;sessa_aurunca
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/succivo/;Succivo;succivo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/teverola/;Teverola;teverola
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/valle_di_maddaloni/;Valle di Maddaloni;valle_di_maddaloni
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ce/villa_literno/;Villa Literno;villa_literno
