http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/auchterhouse/;Auchterhouse;auchterhouse
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/backmuir_of_liff/;Backmuir of Liff;backmuir_of_liff
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/baldovan/;Baldovan;baldovan
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/baldovie/;Baldovie;baldovie
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/ballumbie/;Ballumbie;ballumbie
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/barns_of_claverhouse/;Barns of Claverhouse;barns_of_claverhouse
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/barns_of_wedderburn/;Barns of Wedderburn;barns_of_wedderburn
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/birkhill/;Birkhill;birkhill
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/bridgefoot/;Bridgefoot;bridgefoot
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/brighty/;Brighty;brighty
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/broughty_ferry/;Broughty Ferry;broughty_ferry
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/castle_huntly/;Castle Huntly;castle_huntly
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/claverhouse_industrial_park/;Claverhouse Industrial Park;claverhouse_industrial_park
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/dronley/;Dronley;dronley
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/dryburgh_industrial_estate/;Dryburgh Industrial Estate;dryburgh_industrial_estate
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/dundee/;Dundee;dundee
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/dundee_technology_park/;Dundee Technology Park;dundee_technology_park
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/dunsinane_industrial_estate/;Dunsinane Industrial Estate;dunsinane_industrial_estate
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/duntrune/;Duntrune;duntrune
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/fowlis/;Fowlis;fowlis
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/fowlis_easter/;Fowlis Easter;fowlis_easter
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/gagie/;Gagie;gagie
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/inveraldie/;Inveraldie;inveraldie
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/invergowrie/;Invergowrie;invergowrie
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/kingennie/;Kingennie;kingennie
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/kingoodie/;Kingoodie;kingoodie
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/liff/;Liff;liff
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/lochee/;Lochee;lochee
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/longforgan/;Longforgan;longforgan
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/lundie/;Lundie;lundie
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/monifieth/;Monifieth;monifieth
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/muirhead/;Muirhead;muirhead
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/murroes/;Murroes;murroes
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/strathmartine/;Strathmartine;strathmartine
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/tealing/;Tealing;tealing
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/west_ferry/;West Ferry;west_ferry
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/west_gourdie_industrial_estate/;West Gourdie Industrial Estate;west_gourdie_industrial_estate
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/west_pitkerro_industrial_estate/;West Pitkerro Industrial Estate;west_pitkerro_industrial_estate
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/auchterhouse/;Auchterhouse;auchterhouse
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/backmuir_of_liff/;Backmuir of Liff;backmuir_of_liff
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/baldovan/;Baldovan;baldovan
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/baldovie/;Baldovie;baldovie
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/ballumbie/;Ballumbie;ballumbie
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/barns_of_claverhouse/;Barns of Claverhouse;barns_of_claverhouse
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/barns_of_wedderburn/;Barns of Wedderburn;barns_of_wedderburn
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/birkhill/;Birkhill;birkhill
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/bridgefoot/;Bridgefoot;bridgefoot
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/brighty/;Brighty;brighty
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/broughty_ferry/;Broughty Ferry;broughty_ferry
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/castle_huntly/;Castle Huntly;castle_huntly
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/claverhouse_industrial_park/;Claverhouse Industrial Park;claverhouse_industrial_park
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/dronley/;Dronley;dronley
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/dryburgh_industrial_estate/;Dryburgh Industrial Estate;dryburgh_industrial_estate
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/dundee/;Dundee;dundee
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/dundee_technology_park/;Dundee Technology Park;dundee_technology_park
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/dunsinane_industrial_estate/;Dunsinane Industrial Estate;dunsinane_industrial_estate
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/duntrune/;Duntrune;duntrune
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/fowlis/;Fowlis;fowlis
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/fowlis_easter/;Fowlis Easter;fowlis_easter
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/gagie/;Gagie;gagie
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/inveraldie/;Inveraldie;inveraldie
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/invergowrie/;Invergowrie;invergowrie
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/kingennie/;Kingennie;kingennie
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/kingoodie/;Kingoodie;kingoodie
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/liff/;Liff;liff
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/lochee/;Lochee;lochee
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/longforgan/;Longforgan;longforgan
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/lundie/;Lundie;lundie
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/monifieth/;Monifieth;monifieth
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/muirhead/;Muirhead;muirhead
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/murroes/;Murroes;murroes
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/strathmartine/;Strathmartine;strathmartine
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/tealing/;Tealing;tealing
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/west_ferry/;West Ferry;west_ferry
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/west_gourdie_industrial_estate/;West Gourdie Industrial Estate;west_gourdie_industrial_estate
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/u3/west_pitkerro_industrial_estate/;West Pitkerro Industrial Estate;west_pitkerro_industrial_estate
