http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/altidona/;Altidona;altidona
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/amandola/;Amandola;amandola
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/appignano_del_tronto/;Appignano del Tronto;appignano_del_tronto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/arquata_del_tronto/;Arquata del Tronto;arquata_del_tronto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/ascoli_piceno/;Ascoli Piceno;ascoli_piceno
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/belmonte_piceno/;Belmonte Piceno;belmonte_piceno
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/campofilone/;Campofilone;campofilone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/castignano/;Castignano;castignano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/castorano/;Castorano;castorano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/cossignano/;Cossignano;cossignano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/cupra_marittima/;Cupra Marittima;cupra_marittima
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/falerone/;Falerone;falerone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/fermo/;Fermo;fermo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/folignano/;Folignano;folignano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/francavilla_d%27ete/;Francavilla d'Ete;francavilla_d%27ete
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/grottammare/;Grottammare;grottammare
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/grottazzolina/;Grottazzolina;grottazzolina
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/maltignano/;Maltignano;maltignano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/massa_fermana/;Massa Fermana;massa_fermana
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/massignano/;Massignano;massignano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/monsampietro_morico/;Monsampietro Morico;monsampietro_morico
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/monsampolo_del_tronto/;Monsampolo del Tronto;monsampolo_del_tronto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/montalto_delle_marche/;Montalto delle Marche;montalto_delle_marche
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/montappone/;Montappone;montappone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/monte_giberto/;Monte Giberto;monte_giberto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/monte_rinaldo/;Monte Rinaldo;monte_rinaldo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/monte_urano/;Monte Urano;monte_urano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/monte_vidon_corrado/;Monte Vidon Corrado;monte_vidon_corrado
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/montegallo/;Montegallo;montegallo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/montegiorgio/;Montegiorgio;montegiorgio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/montegranaro/;Montegranaro;montegranaro
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/monteprandone/;Monteprandone;monteprandone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/monterubbiano/;Monterubbiano;monterubbiano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/montottone/;Montottone;montottone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/moresco/;Moresco;moresco
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/ortezzano/;Ortezzano;ortezzano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/pedaso/;Pedaso;pedaso
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/petritoli/;Petritoli;petritoli
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/ponzano_di_fermo/;Ponzano di Fermo;ponzano_di_fermo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/porto_san_giorgio/;Porto San Giorgio;porto_san_giorgio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/porto_sant%27elpidio/;Porto Sant'Elpidio;porto_sant%27elpidio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/rapagnano/;Rapagnano;rapagnano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/ripatransone/;Ripatransone;ripatransone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/rotella/;Rotella;rotella
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/san_benedetto_del_tronto/;San Benedetto del Tronto;san_benedetto_del_tronto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/sant%27elpidio_a_mare/;Sant'Elpidio a Mare;sant%27elpidio_a_mare
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/santa_vittoria_in_matenano/;Santa Vittoria in Matenano;santa_vittoria_in_matenano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/servigliano/;Servigliano;servigliano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/smerillo/;Smerillo;smerillo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ap/spinetoli/;Spinetoli;spinetoli
