http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/amersham/;Amersham;amersham
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/ashley_green/;Ashley Green;ashley_green
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/aylesbury/;Aylesbury;aylesbury
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/bancroft_park/;Bancroft Park;bancroft_park
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/beaconsfield/;Beaconsfield;beaconsfield
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/bletchley/;Bletchley;bletchley
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/broughton/;Broughton;broughton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/caldecotte/;Caldecotte;caldecotte
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/chesham/;Chesham;chesham
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/coffee_hall/;Coffee Hall;coffee_hall
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/crownhill/;Crownhill;crownhill
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/denham/;Denham;denham
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/downs_barn/;Downs Barn;downs_barn
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/dunstable/;Dunstable;dunstable
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/eaglestone/;Eaglestone;eaglestone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/edlesborough/;Edlesborough;edlesborough
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/emerson_valley/;Emerson Valley;emerson_valley
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/flackwell_heath/;Flackwell Heath;flackwell_heath
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/gerrards_cross/;Gerrards Cross;gerrards_cross
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/great_holm/;Great Holm;great_holm
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/great_kingshill/;Great Kingshill;great_kingshill
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/great_linford/;Great Linford;great_linford
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/haddenham/;Haddenham;haddenham
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/hanslope/;Hanslope;hanslope
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/hazlemere/;Hazlemere;hazlemere
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/high_wycombe/;High Wycombe;high_wycombe
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/leighton_buzzard/;Leighton Buzzard;leighton_buzzard
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/loughton/;Loughton;loughton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/maidenhead/;Maidenhead;maidenhead
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/marlow/;Marlow;marlow
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/middleton/;Middleton;middleton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/milton_keynes/;Milton Keynes;milton_keynes
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/newport_pagnell/;Newport Pagnell;newport_pagnell
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/old_farm_park/;Old Farm Park;old_farm_park
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/olney/;Olney;olney
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/penn/;Penn;penn
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/princes_risborough/;Princes Risborough;princes_risborough
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/radclive/;Radclive;radclive
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/shenley_brook_end/;Shenley Brook End;shenley_brook_end
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/slough/;Slough;slough
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/south_heath/;South Heath;south_heath
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/stantonbury/;Stantonbury;stantonbury
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/stony_stratford/;Stony Stratford;stony_stratford
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/taplow/;Taplow;taplow
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/walnut_tree/;Walnut Tree;walnut_tree
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/willen_lake/;Willen Lake;willen_lake
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/winchmore_hill/;Winchmore Hill;winchmore_hill
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/wolverton/;Wolverton;wolverton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/wolverton_mill/;Wolverton Mill;wolverton_mill
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/b9/woolstone/;Woolstone;woolstone
