http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/affi/;Affi;affi
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/arcole/;Arcole;arcole
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/bardolino/;Bardolino;bardolino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/bovolone/;Bovolone;bovolone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/bussolengo/;Bussolengo;bussolengo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/buttapietra/;Buttapietra;buttapietra
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/caldiero/;Caldiero;caldiero
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/caprino_veronese/;Caprino Veronese;caprino_veronese
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/castel_d%27azzano/;Castel d'Azzano;castel_d%27azzano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/castelnuovo_del_garda/;Castelnuovo del Garda;castelnuovo_del_garda
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/cavaion_veronese/;Cavaion Veronese;cavaion_veronese
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/cerea/;Cerea;cerea
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/colognola_ai_colli/;Colognola ai Colli;colognola_ai_colli
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/fumane/;Fumane;fumane
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/gazzo_veronese/;Gazzo Veronese;gazzo_veronese
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/grezzana/;Grezzana;grezzana
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/isola_della_scala/;Isola della Scala;isola_della_scala
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/lavagno/;Lavagno;lavagno
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/lazise/;Lazise;lazise
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/legnago/;Legnago;legnago
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/monteforte_d%27alpone/;Monteforte d'Alpone;monteforte_d%27alpone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/mozzecane/;Mozzecane;mozzecane
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/negrar/;Negrar;negrar
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/nogara/;Nogara;nogara
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/oppeano/;Oppeano;oppeano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/pescantina/;Pescantina;pescantina
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/peschiera_del_garda/;Peschiera del Garda;peschiera_del_garda
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/povegliano_veronese/;Povegliano Veronese;povegliano_veronese
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/rivoli_veronese/;Rivoli Veronese;rivoli_veronese
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/roverchiara/;Roverchiara;roverchiara
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/salizzole/;Salizzole;salizzole
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/san_bonifacio/;San Bonifacio;san_bonifacio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/san_giovanni_ilarione/;San Giovanni Ilarione;san_giovanni_ilarione
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/san_giovanni_lupatoto/;San Giovanni Lupatoto;san_giovanni_lupatoto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/san_martino_buon_albergo/;San Martino Buon Albergo;san_martino_buon_albergo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/san_mauro_di_saline/;San Mauro di Saline;san_mauro_di_saline
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/san_pietro_in_cariano/;San Pietro in Cariano;san_pietro_in_cariano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/sanguinetto/;Sanguinetto;sanguinetto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/sant%27ambrogio_di_valpolicella/;Sant'Ambrogio di Valpolicella;sant%27ambrogio_di_valpolicella
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/soave/;Soave;soave
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/sommacampagna/;Sommacampagna;sommacampagna
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/sona/;Sona;sona
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/trevenzuolo/;Trevenzuolo;trevenzuolo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/valeggio_sul_mincio/;Valeggio sul Mincio;valeggio_sul_mincio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/verona/;Verona;verona
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/veronella/;Veronella;veronella
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/vigasio/;Vigasio;vigasio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/villa_bartolomea/;Villa Bartolomea;villa_bartolomea
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/villafranca_di_verona/;Villafranca di Verona;villafranca_di_verona
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/zevio/;Zevio;zevio
