http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/affi/;Affi;affi
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/albaredo_d%27adige/;Albaredo d'Adige;albaredo_d%27adige
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/angiari/;Angiari;angiari
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/arcole/;Arcole;arcole
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/badia_calavena/;Badia Calavena;badia_calavena
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/bardolino/;Bardolino;bardolino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/belfiore/;Belfiore;belfiore
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/bevilacqua/;Bevilacqua;bevilacqua
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/bonavigo/;Bonavigo;bonavigo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/boschi_sant%27anna/;Boschi Sant'Anna;boschi_sant%27anna
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/bosco_chiesanuova/;Bosco Chiesanuova;bosco_chiesanuova
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/bovolone/;Bovolone;bovolone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/brentino_belluno/;Brentino Belluno;brentino_belluno
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/brenzone/;Brenzone;brenzone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/bussolengo/;Bussolengo;bussolengo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/buttapietra/;Buttapietra;buttapietra
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/caldiero/;Caldiero;caldiero
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/caprino_veronese/;Caprino Veronese;caprino_veronese
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/casaleone/;Casaleone;casaleone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/castagnaro/;Castagnaro;castagnaro
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/castel_d%27azzano/;Castel d'Azzano;castel_d%27azzano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/castelnuovo_del_garda/;Castelnuovo del Garda;castelnuovo_del_garda
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/cavaion_veronese/;Cavaion Veronese;cavaion_veronese
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/cazzano_di_tramigna/;Cazzano di Tramigna;cazzano_di_tramigna
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/cerea/;Cerea;cerea
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/cerro_veronese/;Cerro Veronese;cerro_veronese
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/cologna_veneta/;Cologna Veneta;cologna_veneta
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/colognola_ai_colli/;Colognola ai Colli;colognola_ai_colli
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/concamarise/;Concamarise;concamarise
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/costermano/;Costermano;costermano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/dolc%C3%A8/;Dolcè;dolc%C3%A8
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/erb%C3%A8/;Erbè;erb%C3%A8
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/erbezzo/;Erbezzo;erbezzo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/ferrara_di_monte_baldo/;Ferrara di Monte Baldo;ferrara_di_monte_baldo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/fumane/;Fumane;fumane
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/garda/;Garda;garda
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/gazzo_veronese/;Gazzo Veronese;gazzo_veronese
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/grezzana/;Grezzana;grezzana
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/illasi/;Illasi;illasi
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/isola_della_scala/;Isola della Scala;isola_della_scala
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/isola_rizza/;Isola Rizza;isola_rizza
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/lavagno/;Lavagno;lavagno
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/lazise/;Lazise;lazise
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/legnago/;Legnago;legnago
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/malcesine/;Malcesine;malcesine
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/marano_di_valpolicella/;Marano di Valpolicella;marano_di_valpolicella
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/mezzane_di_sotto/;Mezzane di Sotto;mezzane_di_sotto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/minerbe/;Minerbe;minerbe
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/montecchia_di_crosara/;Montecchia di Crosara;montecchia_di_crosara
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/monteforte_d%27alpone/;Monteforte d'Alpone;monteforte_d%27alpone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/mozzecane/;Mozzecane;mozzecane
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/negrar/;Negrar;negrar
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/nogara/;Nogara;nogara
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/nogarole_rocca/;Nogarole Rocca;nogarole_rocca
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/oppeano/;Oppeano;oppeano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/pal%C3%B9/;Palù;pal%C3%B9
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/pastrengo/;Pastrengo;pastrengo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/pescantina/;Pescantina;pescantina
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/peschiera_del_garda/;Peschiera del Garda;peschiera_del_garda
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/povegliano_veronese/;Povegliano Veronese;povegliano_veronese
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/pressana/;Pressana;pressana
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/rivoli_veronese/;Rivoli Veronese;rivoli_veronese
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/ronc%C3%A0/;Roncà;ronc%C3%A0
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/ronco_all%27adige/;Ronco all'Adige;ronco_all%27adige
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/roverchiara/;Roverchiara;roverchiara
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/roveredo_di_gu%C3%A0/;Roveredo di Guà;roveredo_di_gu%C3%A0
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/rover%C3%A8_veronese/;Roverè Veronese;rover%C3%A8_veronese
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/salizzole/;Salizzole;salizzole
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/san_bonifacio/;San Bonifacio;san_bonifacio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/san_giovanni_ilarione/;San Giovanni Ilarione;san_giovanni_ilarione
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/san_giovanni_lupatoto/;San Giovanni Lupatoto;san_giovanni_lupatoto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/sanguinetto/;Sanguinetto;sanguinetto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/san_martino_buon_albergo/;San Martino Buon Albergo;san_martino_buon_albergo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/san_mauro_di_saline/;San Mauro di Saline;san_mauro_di_saline
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/san_pietro_di_morubio/;San Pietro di Morubio;san_pietro_di_morubio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/san_pietro_in_cariano/;San Pietro in Cariano;san_pietro_in_cariano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/sant%27ambrogio_di_valpolicella/;Sant'Ambrogio di Valpolicella;sant%27ambrogio_di_valpolicella
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/sant%27anna_d%27alfaedo/;Sant'Anna d'Alfaedo;sant%27anna_d%27alfaedo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/san_zeno_di_montagna/;San Zeno di Montagna;san_zeno_di_montagna
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/selva_di_progno/;Selva di Progno;selva_di_progno
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/soave/;Soave;soave
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/sommacampagna/;Sommacampagna;sommacampagna
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/sona/;Sona;sona
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/sorg%C3%A0/;Sorgà;sorg%C3%A0
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/terrazzo/;Terrazzo;terrazzo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/torri_del_benaco/;Torri del Benaco;torri_del_benaco
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/tregnago/;Tregnago;tregnago
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/trevenzuolo/;Trevenzuolo;trevenzuolo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/valeggio_sul_mincio/;Valeggio sul Mincio;valeggio_sul_mincio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/velo_veronese/;Velo Veronese;velo_veronese
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/verona/;Verona;verona
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/veronella/;Veronella;veronella
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/vestenanova/;Vestenanova;vestenanova
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/vigasio/;Vigasio;vigasio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/villa_bartolomea/;Villa Bartolomea;villa_bartolomea
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/villafranca_di_verona/;Villafranca di Verona;villafranca_di_verona
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/zevio/;Zevio;zevio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/vr/zimella/;Zimella;zimella
