http://www.meetup.com/cities/bs/albert_town/;Albert Town;albert_town
http://www.meetup.com/cities/bs/alice_town/;Alice Town;alice_town
http://www.meetup.com/cities/bs/andros_town/;Andros Town;andros_town
http://www.meetup.com/cities/bs/arthur%27s_town/;Arthur's Town;arthur%27s_town
http://www.meetup.com/cities/bs/clarence_town/;Clarence Town;clarence_town
http://www.meetup.com/cities/bs/cockburn_town/;Cockburn Town;cockburn_town
http://www.meetup.com/cities/bs/colonel_hill/;Colonel Hill;colonel_hill
http://www.meetup.com/cities/bs/coopers_town/;Coopers Town;coopers_town
http://www.meetup.com/cities/bs/duncan_town/;Duncan Town;duncan_town
http://www.meetup.com/cities/bs/dunmore_town/;Dunmore Town;dunmore_town
http://www.meetup.com/cities/bs/freeport/;Freeport;freeport
http://www.meetup.com/cities/bs/freetown/;Freetown;freetown
http://www.meetup.com/cities/bs/george_town/;George Town;george_town
http://www.meetup.com/cities/bs/great_harbour/;Great Harbour;great_harbour
http://www.meetup.com/cities/bs/high_rock/;High Rock;high_rock
http://www.meetup.com/cities/bs/marsh_harbour/;Marsh Harbour;marsh_harbour
http://www.meetup.com/cities/bs/matthew_town/;Matthew Town;matthew_town
http://www.meetup.com/cities/bs/nassau/;Nassau;nassau
http://www.meetup.com/cities/bs/nicholls_town/;Nicholls Town;nicholls_town
http://www.meetup.com/cities/bs/pirates_well/;Pirates Well;pirates_well
http://www.meetup.com/cities/bs/port_nelson/;Port Nelson;port_nelson
http://www.meetup.com/cities/bs/rock_sound/;Rock Sound;rock_sound
http://www.meetup.com/cities/bs/snug_corner/;Snug Corner;snug_corner
http://www.meetup.com/cities/bs/sweeting_cay/;Sweeting Cay;sweeting_cay
