http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/acquarica_del_capo/;Acquarica del Capo;acquarica_del_capo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/alessano/;Alessano;alessano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/alezio/;Alezio;alezio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/alliste/;Alliste;alliste
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/andrano/;Andrano;andrano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/aradeo/;Aradeo;aradeo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/arnesano/;Arnesano;arnesano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/bagnolo_del_salento/;Bagnolo del Salento;bagnolo_del_salento
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/botrugno/;Botrugno;botrugno
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/calimera/;Calimera;calimera
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/campi_salentina/;Campi Salentina;campi_salentina
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/cannole/;Cannole;cannole
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/caprarica_di_lecce/;Caprarica di Lecce;caprarica_di_lecce
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/carmiano/;Carmiano;carmiano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/carpignano_salentino/;Carpignano Salentino;carpignano_salentino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/casarano/;Casarano;casarano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/castri_di_lecce/;Castri di Lecce;castri_di_lecce
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/castrignano_de%27_greci/;Castrignano de' Greci;castrignano_de%27_greci
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/castrignano_del_capo/;Castrignano del Capo;castrignano_del_capo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/castro/;Castro;castro
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/cavallino/;Cavallino;cavallino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/collepasso/;Collepasso;collepasso
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/copertino/;Copertino;copertino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/corigliano_d%27otranto/;Corigliano d'Otranto;corigliano_d%27otranto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/corsano/;Corsano;corsano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/cursi/;Cursi;cursi
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/cutrofiano/;Cutrofiano;cutrofiano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/diso/;Diso;diso
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/gagliano_del_capo/;Gagliano del Capo;gagliano_del_capo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/galatina/;Galatina;galatina
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/galatone/;Galatone;galatone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/gallipoli/;Gallipoli;gallipoli
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/giuggianello/;Giuggianello;giuggianello
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/giurdignano/;Giurdignano;giurdignano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/guagnano/;Guagnano;guagnano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/lecce/;Lecce;lecce
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/lequile/;Lequile;lequile
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/leverano/;Leverano;leverano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/lizzanello/;Lizzanello;lizzanello
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/maglie/;Maglie;maglie
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/martano/;Martano;martano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/martignano/;Martignano;martignano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/matino/;Matino;matino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/melendugno/;Melendugno;melendugno
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/melissano/;Melissano;melissano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/melpignano/;Melpignano;melpignano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/miggiano/;Miggiano;miggiano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/minervino_di_lecce/;Minervino di Lecce;minervino_di_lecce
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/monteroni_di_lecce/;Monteroni di Lecce;monteroni_di_lecce
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/montesano_salentino/;Montesano Salentino;montesano_salentino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/morciano_di_leuca/;Morciano di Leuca;morciano_di_leuca
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/muro_leccese/;Muro Leccese;muro_leccese
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/nard%C3%B2/;Nardò;nard%C3%B2
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/neviano/;Neviano;neviano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/nociglia/;Nociglia;nociglia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/novoli/;Novoli;novoli
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/ortelle/;Ortelle;ortelle
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/otranto/;Otranto;otranto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/palmariggi/;Palmariggi;palmariggi
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/parabita/;Parabita;parabita
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/pat%C3%B9/;Patù;pat%C3%B9
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/poggiardo/;Poggiardo;poggiardo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/porto_cesareo/;Porto Cesareo;porto_cesareo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/presicce/;Presicce;presicce
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/racale/;Racale;racale
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/ruffano/;Ruffano;ruffano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/salice_salentino/;Salice Salentino;salice_salentino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/salve/;Salve;salve
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/sanarica/;Sanarica;sanarica
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/san_cassiano/;San Cassiano;san_cassiano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/san_cesario_di_lecce/;San Cesario di Lecce;san_cesario_di_lecce
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/san_donato_di_lecce/;San Donato di Lecce;san_donato_di_lecce
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/sannicola/;Sannicola;sannicola
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/san_pietro_in_lama/;San Pietro in Lama;san_pietro_in_lama
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/santa_cesarea_terme/;Santa Cesarea Terme;santa_cesarea_terme
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/scorrano/;Scorrano;scorrano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/secl%C3%AC/;Seclì;secl%C3%AC
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/sogliano_cavour/;Sogliano Cavour;sogliano_cavour
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/soleto/;Soleto;soleto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/specchia/;Specchia;specchia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/spongano/;Spongano;spongano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/squinzano/;Squinzano;squinzano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/sternatia/;Sternatia;sternatia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/supersano/;Supersano;supersano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/surano/;Surano;surano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/surbo/;Surbo;surbo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/taurisano/;Taurisano;taurisano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/taviano/;Taviano;taviano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/tiggiano/;Tiggiano;tiggiano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/trepuzzi/;Trepuzzi;trepuzzi
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/tricase/;Tricase;tricase
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/tuglie/;Tuglie;tuglie
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/ugento/;Ugento;ugento
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/uggiano_la_chiesa/;Uggiano la Chiesa;uggiano_la_chiesa
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/veglie/;Veglie;veglie
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/vernole/;Vernole;vernole
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/le/zollino/;Zollino;zollino
