http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/ajdovshchina/;Ajdovshchina;ajdovshchina
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/ankaran/;Ankaran;ankaran
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/beltinci/;Beltinci;beltinci
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/bistrica_ob_trzhichu/;Bistrica ob Trzhichu;bistrica_ob_trzhichu
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/bled/;Bled;bled
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/borovnica/;Borovnica;borovnica
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/brezhice/;Brezhice;brezhice
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/brezovica_pri_ljubljani/;Brezovica pri Ljubljani;brezovica_pri_ljubljani
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/celje/;Celje;celje
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/cerknica/;Cerknica;cerknica
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/chrna_na_koroshkem/;Chrna na Koroshkem;chrna_na_koroshkem
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/chrnomelj/;Chrnomelj;chrnomelj
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/domzhale/;Domzhale;domzhale
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/dravograd/;Dravograd;dravograd
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/gornja_radgona/;Gornja Radgona;gornja_radgona
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/grosuplje/;Grosuplje;grosuplje
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/hrastnik/;Hrastnik;hrastnik
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/idrija/;Idrija;idrija
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/ig/;Ig;ig
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/ilirska_bistrica/;Ilirska Bistrica;ilirska_bistrica
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/izola/;Izola;izola
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/jagodje/;Jagodje;jagodje
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/jesenice/;Jesenice;jesenice
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/kamnik/;Kamnik;kamnik
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/kochevje/;Kochevje;kochevje
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/koper/;Koper;koper
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/koroshka_bela/;Koroshka Bela;koroshka_bela
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/kranj/;Kranj;kranj
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/kranjska_gora/;Kranjska Gora;kranjska_gora
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/kromberk/;Kromberk;kromberk
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/krshko/;Krshko;krshko
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/lashko/;Lashko;lashko
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/lenart/;Lenart;lenart
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/lendava/;Lendava;lendava
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/lesce/;Lesce;lesce
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/limbush/;Limbush;limbush
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/litija/;Litija;litija
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/ljubljana/;Ljubljana;ljubljana
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/ljutomer/;Ljutomer;ljutomer
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/logatec/;Logatec;logatec
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/lovrenc_na_pohorju/;Lovrenc na Pohorju;lovrenc_na_pohorju
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/lucija/;Lucija;lucija
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/maribor/;Maribor;maribor
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/medvode/;Medvode;medvode
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/mengesh/;Mengesh;mengesh
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/metlika/;Metlika;metlika
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/mezhica/;Mezhica;mezhica
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/miklavzh_na_dravskem_polju/;Miklavzh na Dravskem Polju;miklavzh_na_dravskem_polju
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/mislinja/;Mislinja;mislinja
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/monfalcone/;Monfalcone;monfalcone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/mozirje/;Mozirje;mozirje
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/murska_sobota/;Murska Sobota;murska_sobota
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/muta/;Muta;muta
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/nova_gorica/;Nova Gorica;nova_gorica
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/nov%C3%A9_mesto_na_morave/;Nov√© Mesto na Morave;nov%C3%A9_mesto_na_morave
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/novo_mesto/;Novo mesto;novo_mesto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/ormozh/;Ormozh;ormozh
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/pesnica_pri_mariboru/;Pesnica pri Mariboru;pesnica_pri_mariboru
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/piran/;Piran;piran
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/pivka/;Pivka;pivka
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/polzela/;Polzela;polzela
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/portorozh/;Portorozh;portorozh
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/postojna/;Postojna;postojna
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/prevalje/;Prevalje;prevalje
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/ptuj/;Ptuj;ptuj
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/rache/;Rache;rache
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/radeche/;Radeche;radeche
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/radenci/;Radenci;radenci
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/radlje_ob_dravi/;Radlje ob Dravi;radlje_ob_dravi
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/radovljica/;Radovljica;radovljica
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/rakek/;Rakek;rakek
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/ravne/;Ravne;ravne
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/renche/;Renche;renche
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/ribnica/;Ribnica;ribnica
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/rogashka_slatina/;Rogashka Slatina;rogashka_slatina
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/rushe/;Rushe;rushe
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/senovo/;Senovo;senovo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/sevnica/;Sevnica;sevnica
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/sezhana/;Sezhana;sezhana
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/shempeter/;Shempeter;shempeter
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/shenchur/;Shenchur;shenchur
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/shentjur/;Shentjur;shentjur
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/shkofja_loka/;Shkofja Loka;shkofja_loka
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/shkofljica/;Shkofljica;shkofljica
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/shoshtanj/;Shoshtanj;shoshtanj
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/shtore/;Shtore;shtore
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/slovenj_gradec/;Slovenj Gradec;slovenj_gradec
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/slovenska_bistrica/;Slovenska Bistrica;slovenska_bistrica
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/slovenske_konjice/;Slovenske Konjice;slovenske_konjice
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/slovenski_javornik/;Slovenski Javornik;slovenski_javornik
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/solkan/;Solkan;solkan
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/spodnja_idrija/;Spodnja Idrija;spodnja_idrija
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/spodnje_hoche/;Spodnje Hoche;spodnje_hoche
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/strazha/;Strazha;strazha
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/tolmin/;Tolmin;tolmin
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/trbovlje/;Trbovlje;trbovlje
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/trebnje/;Trebnje;trebnje
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/trzin/;Trzin;trzin
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/velenje/;Velenje;velenje
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/verd/;Verd;verd
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/vir/;Vir;vir
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/vnanje_gorice/;Vnanje Gorice;vnanje_gorice
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/vojnik/;Vojnik;vojnik
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/vrhnika/;Vrhnika;vrhnika
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/vrtojba/;Vrtojba;vrtojba
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/zagorje_ob_savi/;Zagorje ob Savi;zagorje_ob_savi
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/zhalec/;Zhalec;zhalec
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/zhelezniki/;Zhelezniki;zhelezniki
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/zhiri/;Zhiri;zhiri
http://www.meetup.com/cities/si/zreche/;Zreche;zreche
