http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/apache_junction/;Apache Junction;apache_junction
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/avondale/;Avondale;avondale
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/buckeye/;Buckeye;buckeye
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/bullhead_city/;Bullhead City;bullhead_city
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/casa_grande/;Casa Grande;casa_grande
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/cave_creek/;Cave Creek;cave_creek
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/chandler/;Chandler;chandler
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/chino_valley/;Chino Valley;chino_valley
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/coolidge/;Coolidge;coolidge
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/cottonwood/;Cottonwood;cottonwood
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/el_mirage/;El Mirage;el_mirage
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/flagstaff/;Flagstaff;flagstaff
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/florence/;Florence;florence
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/fort_huachuca/;Fort Huachuca;fort_huachuca
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/fountain_hills/;Fountain Hills;fountain_hills
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/gilbert/;Gilbert;gilbert
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/glendale/;Glendale;glendale
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/golden_valley/;Golden Valley;golden_valley
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/goodyear/;Goodyear;goodyear
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/green_valley/;Green Valley;green_valley
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/hereford/;Hereford;hereford
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/higley/;Higley;higley
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/kingman/;Kingman;kingman
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/lake_havasu_city/;Lake Havasu City;lake_havasu_city
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/laveen/;Laveen;laveen
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/litchfield_park/;Litchfield Park;litchfield_park
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/marana/;Marana;marana
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/maricopa/;Maricopa;maricopa
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/mesa/;Mesa;mesa
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/new_river/;New River;new_river
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/paradise_valley/;Paradise Valley;paradise_valley
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/payson/;Payson;payson
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/peoria/;Peoria;peoria
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/phoenix/;Phoenix;phoenix
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/prescott/;Prescott;prescott
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/prescott_valley/;Prescott Valley;prescott_valley
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/queen_creek/;Queen Creek;queen_creek
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/sahuarita/;Sahuarita;sahuarita
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/scottsdale/;Scottsdale;scottsdale
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/sedona/;Sedona;sedona
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/sierra_vista/;Sierra Vista;sierra_vista
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/sun_city/;Sun City;sun_city
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/sun_city_west/;Sun City West;sun_city_west
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/surprise/;Surprise;surprise
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/tempe/;Tempe;tempe
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/tolleson/;Tolleson;tolleson
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/tucson/;Tucson;tucson
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/vail/;Vail;vail
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/waddell/;Waddell;waddell
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/yuma/;Yuma;yuma
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/apache_junction/;Apache Junction;apache_junction
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/avondale/;Avondale;avondale
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/buckeye/;Buckeye;buckeye
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/bullhead_city/;Bullhead City;bullhead_city
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/casa_grande/;Casa Grande;casa_grande
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/cave_creek/;Cave Creek;cave_creek
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/chandler/;Chandler;chandler
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/chino_valley/;Chino Valley;chino_valley
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/coolidge/;Coolidge;coolidge
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/cottonwood/;Cottonwood;cottonwood
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/el_mirage/;El Mirage;el_mirage
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/flagstaff/;Flagstaff;flagstaff
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/florence/;Florence;florence
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/fort_huachuca/;Fort Huachuca;fort_huachuca
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/fountain_hills/;Fountain Hills;fountain_hills
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/gilbert/;Gilbert;gilbert
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/glendale/;Glendale;glendale
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/golden_valley/;Golden Valley;golden_valley
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/goodyear/;Goodyear;goodyear
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/green_valley/;Green Valley;green_valley
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/hereford/;Hereford;hereford
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/higley/;Higley;higley
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/kingman/;Kingman;kingman
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/lake_havasu_city/;Lake Havasu City;lake_havasu_city
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/laveen/;Laveen;laveen
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/litchfield_park/;Litchfield Park;litchfield_park
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/marana/;Marana;marana
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/maricopa/;Maricopa;maricopa
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/mesa/;Mesa;mesa
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/new_river/;New River;new_river
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/paradise_valley/;Paradise Valley;paradise_valley
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/payson/;Payson;payson
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/peoria/;Peoria;peoria
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/phoenix/;Phoenix;phoenix
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/prescott/;Prescott;prescott
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/prescott_valley/;Prescott Valley;prescott_valley
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/queen_creek/;Queen Creek;queen_creek
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/sahuarita/;Sahuarita;sahuarita
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/scottsdale/;Scottsdale;scottsdale
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/sedona/;Sedona;sedona
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/sierra_vista/;Sierra Vista;sierra_vista
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/sun_city/;Sun City;sun_city
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/sun_city_west/;Sun City West;sun_city_west
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/surprise/;Surprise;surprise
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/tempe/;Tempe;tempe
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/tolleson/;Tolleson;tolleson
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/tucson/;Tucson;tucson
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/vail/;Vail;vail
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/waddell/;Waddell;waddell
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/az/yuma/;Yuma;yuma
