http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/aiello_del_sabato/;Aiello del Sabato;aiello_del_sabato
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/altavilla_irpina/;Altavilla Irpina;altavilla_irpina
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/andretta/;Andretta;andretta
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/aquilonia/;Aquilonia;aquilonia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/ariano_irpino/;Ariano Irpino;ariano_irpino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/atripalda/;Atripalda;atripalda
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/avella/;Avella;avella
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/avellino/;Avellino;avellino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/bagnoli_irpino/;Bagnoli Irpino;bagnoli_irpino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/baiano/;Baiano;baiano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/bisaccia/;Bisaccia;bisaccia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/bonito/;Bonito;bonito
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/cairano/;Cairano;cairano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/calabritto/;Calabritto;calabritto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/calitri/;Calitri;calitri
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/candida/;Candida;candida
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/caposele/;Caposele;caposele
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/capriglia_irpina/;Capriglia Irpina;capriglia_irpina
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/carife/;Carife;carife
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/casalbore/;Casalbore;casalbore
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/cassano_irpino/;Cassano Irpino;cassano_irpino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/castel_baronia/;Castel Baronia;castel_baronia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/castelfranci/;Castelfranci;castelfranci
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/castelvetere_sul_calore/;Castelvetere sul Calore;castelvetere_sul_calore
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/cervinara/;Cervinara;cervinara
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/cesinali/;Cesinali;cesinali
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/chianche/;Chianche;chianche
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/chiusano_di_san_domenico/;Chiusano di San Domenico;chiusano_di_san_domenico
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/contrada/;Contrada;contrada
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/conza_della_campania/;Conza della Campania;conza_della_campania
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/domicella/;Domicella;domicella
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/flumeri/;Flumeri;flumeri
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/fontanarosa/;Fontanarosa;fontanarosa
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/forino/;Forino;forino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/frigento/;Frigento;frigento
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/gesualdo/;Gesualdo;gesualdo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/greci/;Greci;greci
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/grottaminarda/;Grottaminarda;grottaminarda
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/grottolella/;Grottolella;grottolella
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/guardia_lombardi/;Guardia Lombardi;guardia_lombardi
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/lacedonia/;Lacedonia;lacedonia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/lapio/;Lapio;lapio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/lauro/;Lauro;lauro
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/lioni/;Lioni;lioni
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/luogosano/;Luogosano;luogosano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/manocalzati/;Manocalzati;manocalzati
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/marzano_di_nola/;Marzano di Nola;marzano_di_nola
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/melito_irpino/;Melito Irpino;melito_irpino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/mercogliano/;Mercogliano;mercogliano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/mirabella_eclano/;Mirabella Eclano;mirabella_eclano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/montaguto/;Montaguto;montaguto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/montecalvo_irpino/;Montecalvo Irpino;montecalvo_irpino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/montefalcione/;Montefalcione;montefalcione
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/monteforte_irpino/;Monteforte Irpino;monteforte_irpino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/montefredane/;Montefredane;montefredane
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/montefusco/;Montefusco;montefusco
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/montella/;Montella;montella
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/montemarano/;Montemarano;montemarano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/montemiletto/;Montemiletto;montemiletto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/monteverde/;Monteverde;monteverde
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/montoro_inferiore/;Montoro Inferiore;montoro_inferiore
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/montoro_superiore/;Montoro Superiore;montoro_superiore
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/morra_de_sanctis/;Morra De Sanctis;morra_de_sanctis
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/moschiano/;Moschiano;moschiano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/mugnano_del_cardinale/;Mugnano del Cardinale;mugnano_del_cardinale
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/nusco/;Nusco;nusco
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/ospedaletto_d%27alpinolo/;Ospedaletto d'Alpinolo;ospedaletto_d%27alpinolo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/pago_del_vallo_di_lauro/;Pago del Vallo di Lauro;pago_del_vallo_di_lauro
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/parolise/;Parolise;parolise
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/paternopoli/;Paternopoli;paternopoli
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/petruro_irpino/;Petruro Irpino;petruro_irpino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/pietradefusi/;Pietradefusi;pietradefusi
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/pietrastornina/;Pietrastornina;pietrastornina
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/prata_di_principato_ultra/;Prata di Principato Ultra;prata_di_principato_ultra
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/pratola_serra/;Pratola Serra;pratola_serra
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/quadrelle/;Quadrelle;quadrelle
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/quindici/;Quindici;quindici
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/roccabascerana/;Roccabascerana;roccabascerana
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/rocca_san_felice/;Rocca San Felice;rocca_san_felice
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/rotondi/;Rotondi;rotondi
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/salza_irpina/;Salza Irpina;salza_irpina
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/san_mango_sul_calore/;San Mango sul Calore;san_mango_sul_calore
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/san_martino_valle_caudina/;San Martino Valle Caudina;san_martino_valle_caudina
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/san_michele_di_serino/;San Michele di Serino;san_michele_di_serino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/san_nicola_baronia/;San Nicola Baronia;san_nicola_baronia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/san_potito_ultra/;San Potito Ultra;san_potito_ultra
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/san_sossio_baronia/;San Sossio Baronia;san_sossio_baronia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/sant%27andrea_di_conza/;Sant'Andrea di Conza;sant%27andrea_di_conza
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/sant%27angelo_all%27esca/;Sant'Angelo all'Esca;sant%27angelo_all%27esca
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/sant%27angelo_a_scala/;Sant'Angelo a Scala;sant%27angelo_a_scala
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/sant%27angelo_dei_lombardi/;Sant'Angelo dei Lombardi;sant%27angelo_dei_lombardi
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/santa_lucia_di_serino/;Santa Lucia di Serino;santa_lucia_di_serino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/santa_paolina/;Santa Paolina;santa_paolina
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/santo_stefano_del_sole/;Santo Stefano del Sole;santo_stefano_del_sole
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/savignano_irpino/;Savignano Irpino;savignano_irpino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/scampitella/;Scampitella;scampitella
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/senerchia/;Senerchia;senerchia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/serino/;Serino;serino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/sirignano/;Sirignano;sirignano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/solofra/;Solofra;solofra
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/sorbo_serpico/;Sorbo Serpico;sorbo_serpico
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/sperone/;Sperone;sperone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/sturno/;Sturno;sturno
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/summonte/;Summonte;summonte
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/taurano/;Taurano;taurano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/taurasi/;Taurasi;taurasi
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/teora/;Teora;teora
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/torella_dei_lombardi/;Torella dei Lombardi;torella_dei_lombardi
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/torre_le_nocelle/;Torre Le Nocelle;torre_le_nocelle
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/torrioni/;Torrioni;torrioni
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/trevico/;Trevico;trevico
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/tufo/;Tufo;tufo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/vallata/;Vallata;vallata
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/vallesaccarda/;Vallesaccarda;vallesaccarda
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/venticano/;Venticano;venticano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/villamaina/;Villamaina;villamaina
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/villanova_del_battista/;Villanova del Battista;villanova_del_battista
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/volturara_irpina/;Volturara Irpina;volturara_irpina
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/av/zungoli/;Zungoli;zungoli
