http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/archdeacon_newton/;Archdeacon Newton;archdeacon_newton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/aycliffe/;Aycliffe;aycliffe
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/aycliffe_business_park/;Aycliffe Business Park;aycliffe_business_park
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/aycliffe_industrial_estate/;Aycliffe Industrial Estate;aycliffe_industrial_estate
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/aycliffe_industrial_park/;Aycliffe Industrial Park;aycliffe_industrial_park
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/aykley_heads/;Aykley Heads;aykley_heads
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/billingham/;Billingham;billingham
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/bishop_auckland/;Bishop Auckland;bishop_auckland
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/bishopton/;Bishopton;bishopton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/chester_le_street/;Chester Le Street;chester_le_street
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/darlington/;Darlington;darlington
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/dragonville/;Dragonville;dragonville
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/durham/;Durham;durham
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/eaglescliffe/;Eaglescliffe;eaglescliffe
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/eastgate/;Eastgate;eastgate
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/elton/;Elton;elton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/elwick/;Elwick;elwick
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/hartlepool/;Hartlepool;hartlepool
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/hawthorn/;Hawthorn;hawthorn
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/high_etherley/;High Etherley;high_etherley
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/horden/;Horden;horden
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/hunstanworth/;Hunstanworth;hunstanworth
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/langley_park/;Langley Park;langley_park
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/langleydale/;Langleydale;langleydale
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/ludworth/;Ludworth;ludworth
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/maiden_law/;Maiden Law;maiden_law
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/mainsforth/;Mainsforth;mainsforth
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/neasham/;Neasham;neasham
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/newton_aycliffe/;Newton Aycliffe;newton_aycliffe
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/north_tees_industrial_estate/;North Tees Industrial Estate;north_tees_industrial_estate
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/peterlee/;Peterlee;peterlee
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/picktree/;Picktree;picktree
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/plawsworth/;Plawsworth;plawsworth
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/redworth/;Redworth;redworth
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/sacriston/;Sacriston;sacriston
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/sadberge/;Sadberge;sadberge
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/seaham/;Seaham;seaham
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/shincliffe/;Shincliffe;shincliffe
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/spennymoor/;Spennymoor;spennymoor
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/st_johns_chapel/;St Johns Chapel;st_johns_chapel
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/stainton/;Stainton;stainton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/stanley/;Stanley;stanley
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/stockton-on-tees/;Stockton-on-Tees;stockton-on-tees
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/templetown/;Templetown;templetown
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/tindale_crescent/;Tindale Crescent;tindale_crescent
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/tow_law/;Tow Law;tow_law
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/townfield/;Townfield;townfield
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/tursdale/;Tursdale;tursdale
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/wackerfield/;Wackerfield;wackerfield
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/wolviston/;Wolviston;wolviston
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/archdeacon_newton/;Archdeacon Newton;archdeacon_newton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/aycliffe/;Aycliffe;aycliffe
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/aycliffe_business_park/;Aycliffe Business Park;aycliffe_business_park
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/aycliffe_industrial_estate/;Aycliffe Industrial Estate;aycliffe_industrial_estate
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/aycliffe_industrial_park/;Aycliffe Industrial Park;aycliffe_industrial_park
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/aykley_heads/;Aykley Heads;aykley_heads
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/billingham/;Billingham;billingham
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/bishop_auckland/;Bishop Auckland;bishop_auckland
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/bishopton/;Bishopton;bishopton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/chester_le_street/;Chester Le Street;chester_le_street
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/darlington/;Darlington;darlington
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/dragonville/;Dragonville;dragonville
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/durham/;Durham;durham
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/eaglescliffe/;Eaglescliffe;eaglescliffe
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/eastgate/;Eastgate;eastgate
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/elton/;Elton;elton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/elwick/;Elwick;elwick
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/hartlepool/;Hartlepool;hartlepool
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/hawthorn/;Hawthorn;hawthorn
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/high_etherley/;High Etherley;high_etherley
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/horden/;Horden;horden
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/hunstanworth/;Hunstanworth;hunstanworth
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/langley_park/;Langley Park;langley_park
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/langleydale/;Langleydale;langleydale
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/ludworth/;Ludworth;ludworth
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/maiden_law/;Maiden Law;maiden_law
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/mainsforth/;Mainsforth;mainsforth
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/neasham/;Neasham;neasham
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/newton_aycliffe/;Newton Aycliffe;newton_aycliffe
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/north_tees_industrial_estate/;North Tees Industrial Estate;north_tees_industrial_estate
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/peterlee/;Peterlee;peterlee
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/picktree/;Picktree;picktree
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/plawsworth/;Plawsworth;plawsworth
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/redworth/;Redworth;redworth
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/sacriston/;Sacriston;sacriston
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/sadberge/;Sadberge;sadberge
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/seaham/;Seaham;seaham
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/shincliffe/;Shincliffe;shincliffe
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/spennymoor/;Spennymoor;spennymoor
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/st_johns_chapel/;St Johns Chapel;st_johns_chapel
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/stainton/;Stainton;stainton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/stanley/;Stanley;stanley
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/stockton-on-tees/;Stockton-on-Tees;stockton-on-tees
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/templetown/;Templetown;templetown
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/tindale_crescent/;Tindale Crescent;tindale_crescent
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/tow_law/;Tow Law;tow_law
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/townfield/;Townfield;townfield
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/tursdale/;Tursdale;tursdale
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/wackerfield/;Wackerfield;wackerfield
http://www.meetup.com/cities/gb/d8/wolviston/;Wolviston;wolviston
