http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/anzola_dell%27emilia/;Anzola dell'Emilia;anzola_dell%27emilia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/argelato/;Argelato;argelato
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/baricella/;Baricella;baricella
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/bazzano/;Bazzano;bazzano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/bentivoglio/;Bentivoglio;bentivoglio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/bologna/;Bologna;bologna
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/borgo_tossignano/;Borgo Tossignano;borgo_tossignano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/budrio/;Budrio;budrio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/calderara_di_reno/;Calderara di Reno;calderara_di_reno
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/camugnano/;Camugnano;camugnano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/casalecchio_di_reno/;Casalecchio di Reno;casalecchio_di_reno
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/casalfiumanese/;Casalfiumanese;casalfiumanese
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/castel_d%27aiano/;Castel d'Aiano;castel_d%27aiano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/castel_del_rio/;Castel del Rio;castel_del_rio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/castel_di_casio/;Castel di Casio;castel_di_casio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/castel_guelfo_di_bologna/;Castel Guelfo di Bologna;castel_guelfo_di_bologna
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/castello_d%27argile/;Castello d'Argile;castello_d%27argile
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/castello_di_serravalle/;Castello di Serravalle;castello_di_serravalle
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/castel_maggiore/;Castel Maggiore;castel_maggiore
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/castel_san_pietro_terme/;Castel San Pietro Terme;castel_san_pietro_terme
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/castenaso/;Castenaso;castenaso
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/castiglione_dei_pepoli/;Castiglione dei Pepoli;castiglione_dei_pepoli
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/crespellano/;Crespellano;crespellano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/crevalcore/;Crevalcore;crevalcore
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/dozza/;Dozza;dozza
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/fontanelice/;Fontanelice;fontanelice
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/gaggio_montano/;Gaggio Montano;gaggio_montano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/galliera/;Galliera;galliera
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/granaglione/;Granaglione;granaglione
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/granarolo_dell%27emilia/;Granarolo dell'Emilia;granarolo_dell%27emilia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/grizzana_morandi/;Grizzana Morandi;grizzana_morandi
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/imola/;Imola;imola
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/lizzano_in_belvedere/;Lizzano in Belvedere;lizzano_in_belvedere
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/loiano/;Loiano;loiano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/malalbergo/;Malalbergo;malalbergo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/marzabotto/;Marzabotto;marzabotto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/medicina/;Medicina;medicina
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/minerbio/;Minerbio;minerbio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/molinella/;Molinella;molinella
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/monghidoro/;Monghidoro;monghidoro
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/monterenzio/;Monterenzio;monterenzio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/monte_san_pietro/;Monte San Pietro;monte_san_pietro
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/monteveglio/;Monteveglio;monteveglio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/monzuno/;Monzuno;monzuno
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/mordano/;Mordano;mordano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/ozzano_dell%27emilia/;Ozzano dell'Emilia;ozzano_dell%27emilia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/pianoro/;Pianoro;pianoro
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/pieve_di_cento/;Pieve di Cento;pieve_di_cento
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/porretta_terme/;Porretta Terme;porretta_terme
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/sala_bolognese/;Sala Bolognese;sala_bolognese
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/san_benedetto_val_di_sambro/;San Benedetto Val di Sambro;san_benedetto_val_di_sambro
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/san_giorgio_di_piano/;San Giorgio di Piano;san_giorgio_di_piano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/san_giovanni_in_persiceto/;San Giovanni in Persiceto;san_giovanni_in_persiceto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/san_lazzaro_di_savena/;San Lazzaro di Savena;san_lazzaro_di_savena
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/san_pietro_in_casale/;San Pietro in Casale;san_pietro_in_casale
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/sant%27agata_bolognese/;Sant'Agata Bolognese;sant%27agata_bolognese
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/sasso_marconi/;Sasso Marconi;sasso_marconi
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/savigno/;Savigno;savigno
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/vergato/;Vergato;vergato
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bo/zola_predosa/;Zola Predosa;zola_predosa
