http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/altamonte_springs/;Altamonte Springs;altamonte_springs
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/apopka/;Apopka;apopka
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/boca_raton/;Boca Raton;boca_raton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/boynton_beach/;Boynton Beach;boynton_beach
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/bradenton/;Bradenton;bradenton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/brandon/;Brandon;brandon
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/cape_coral/;Cape Coral;cape_coral
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/clearwater/;Clearwater;clearwater
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/daytona_beach/;Daytona Beach;daytona_beach
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/delray_beach/;Delray Beach;delray_beach
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/deltona/;Deltona;deltona
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/fort_lauderdale/;Fort Lauderdale;fort_lauderdale
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/fort_myers/;Fort Myers;fort_myers
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/fort_pierce/;Fort Pierce;fort_pierce
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/gainesville/;Gainesville;gainesville
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/hialeah/;Hialeah;hialeah
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/hollywood/;Hollywood;hollywood
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/jacksonville/;Jacksonville;jacksonville
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/jupiter/;Jupiter;jupiter
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/kissimmee/;Kissimmee;kissimmee
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/lake_mary/;Lake Mary;lake_mary
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/lake_worth/;Lake Worth;lake_worth
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/lakeland/;Lakeland;lakeland
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/largo/;Largo;largo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/longwood/;Longwood;longwood
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/melbourne/;Melbourne;melbourne
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/miami/;Miami;miami
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/miami_beach/;Miami Beach;miami_beach
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/naples/;Naples;naples
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/new_port_richey/;New Port Richey;new_port_richey
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/ocala/;Ocala;ocala
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/orange_park/;Orange Park;orange_park
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/orlando/;Orlando;orlando
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/oviedo/;Oviedo;oviedo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/palm_beach_gardens/;Palm Beach Gardens;palm_beach_gardens
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/palm_harbor/;Palm Harbor;palm_harbor
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/panama_city/;Panama City;panama_city
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/pensacola/;Pensacola;pensacola
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/pompano_beach/;Pompano Beach;pompano_beach
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/port_saint_lucie/;Port Saint Lucie;port_saint_lucie
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/riverview/;Riverview;riverview
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/saint_augustine/;Saint Augustine;saint_augustine
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/saint_petersburg/;Saint Petersburg;saint_petersburg
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/sanford/;Sanford;sanford
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/sarasota/;Sarasota;sarasota
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/spring_hill/;Spring Hill;spring_hill
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/tallahassee/;Tallahassee;tallahassee
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/tampa/;Tampa;tampa
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/west_palm_beach/;West Palm Beach;west_palm_beach
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/fl/winter_park/;Winter Park;winter_park
