http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/accadia/;Accadia;accadia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/anzano_di_puglia/;Anzano di Puglia;anzano_di_puglia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/apricena/;Apricena;apricena
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/ascoli_satriano/;Ascoli Satriano;ascoli_satriano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/bovino/;Bovino;bovino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/candela/;Candela;candela
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/carapelle/;Carapelle;carapelle
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/carpino/;Carpino;carpino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/casalnuovo_monterotaro/;Casalnuovo Monterotaro;casalnuovo_monterotaro
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/casalvecchio_di_puglia/;Casalvecchio di Puglia;casalvecchio_di_puglia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/castelluccio_dei_sauri/;Castelluccio dei Sauri;castelluccio_dei_sauri
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/castelluccio_valmaggiore/;Castelluccio Valmaggiore;castelluccio_valmaggiore
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/castelnuovo_della_daunia/;Castelnuovo della Daunia;castelnuovo_della_daunia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/cerignola/;Cerignola;cerignola
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/chieuti/;Chieuti;chieuti
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/deliceto/;Deliceto;deliceto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/faeto/;Faeto;faeto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/foggia/;Foggia;foggia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/ischitella/;Ischitella;ischitella
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/lesina/;Lesina;lesina
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/lucera/;Lucera;lucera
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/manfredonia/;Manfredonia;manfredonia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/margherita_di_savoia/;Margherita di Savoia;margherita_di_savoia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/mattinata/;Mattinata;mattinata
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/monte_sant%27angelo/;Monte Sant'Angelo;monte_sant%27angelo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/motta_montecorvino/;Motta Montecorvino;motta_montecorvino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/ordona/;Ordona;ordona
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/orsara_di_puglia/;Orsara di Puglia;orsara_di_puglia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/orta_nova/;Orta Nova;orta_nova
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/peschici/;Peschici;peschici
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/poggio_imperiale/;Poggio Imperiale;poggio_imperiale
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/rignano_garganico/;Rignano Garganico;rignano_garganico
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/roseto_valfortore/;Roseto Valfortore;roseto_valfortore
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/san_ferdinando_di_puglia/;San Ferdinando di Puglia;san_ferdinando_di_puglia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/san_giovanni_rotondo/;San Giovanni Rotondo;san_giovanni_rotondo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/san_marco_in_lamis/;San Marco in Lamis;san_marco_in_lamis
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/san_marco_la_catola/;San Marco la Catola;san_marco_la_catola
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/san_nicandro_garganico/;San Nicandro Garganico;san_nicandro_garganico
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/san_paolo_di_civitate/;San Paolo di Civitate;san_paolo_di_civitate
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/san_severo/;San Severo;san_severo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/sant%27agata_di_puglia/;Sant'Agata di Puglia;sant%27agata_di_puglia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/stornara/;Stornara;stornara
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/stornarella/;Stornarella;stornarella
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/torremaggiore/;Torremaggiore;torremaggiore
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/trinitapoli/;Trinitapoli;trinitapoli
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/troia/;Troia;troia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/vico_del_gargano/;Vico del Gargano;vico_del_gargano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/volturara_appula/;Volturara Appula;volturara_appula
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/volturino/;Volturino;volturino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fg/zapponeta/;Zapponeta;zapponeta
