http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/agnadello/;Agnadello;agnadello
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/annicco/;Annicco;annicco
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/calvatone/;Calvatone;calvatone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/camisano/;Camisano;camisano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/campagnola_cremasca/;Campagnola Cremasca;campagnola_cremasca
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/cappella_de%27_picenardi/;Cappella de' Picenardi;cappella_de%27_picenardi
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/casalbuttano_ed_uniti/;Casalbuttano ed Uniti;casalbuttano_ed_uniti
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/casale_cremasco-vidolasco/;Casale Cremasco-Vidolasco;casale_cremasco-vidolasco
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/casaletto_ceredano/;Casaletto Ceredano;casaletto_ceredano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/casaletto_di_sopra/;Casaletto di Sopra;casaletto_di_sopra
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/casaletto_vaprio/;Casaletto Vaprio;casaletto_vaprio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/casalmaggiore/;Casalmaggiore;casalmaggiore
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/casalmorano/;Casalmorano;casalmorano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/castelleone/;Castelleone;castelleone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/castelverde/;Castelverde;castelverde
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/castelvisconti/;Castelvisconti;castelvisconti
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/chieve/;Chieve;chieve
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/corte_de%27_cortesi_con_cignone/;Corte de' Cortesi con Cignone;corte_de%27_cortesi_con_cignone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/corte_de%27_frati/;Corte de' Frati;corte_de%27_frati
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/crema/;Crema;crema
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/cremona/;Cremona;cremona
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/dovera/;Dovera;dovera
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/drizzona/;Drizzona;drizzona
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/formigara/;Formigara;formigara
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/gabbioneta-binanuova/;Gabbioneta-Binanuova;gabbioneta-binanuova
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/gadesco-pieve_delmona/;Gadesco-Pieve Delmona;gadesco-pieve_delmona
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/gerre_de%27_caprioli/;Gerre de' Caprioli;gerre_de%27_caprioli
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/grontardo/;Grontardo;grontardo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/izano/;Izano;izano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/martignana_di_po/;Martignana di Po;martignana_di_po
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/montodine/;Montodine;montodine
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/olmeneta/;Olmeneta;olmeneta
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/ostiano/;Ostiano;ostiano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/persico_dosimo/;Persico Dosimo;persico_dosimo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/pescarolo_ed_uniti/;Pescarolo ed Uniti;pescarolo_ed_uniti
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/pessina_cremonese/;Pessina Cremonese;pessina_cremonese
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/piadena/;Piadena;piadena
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/rivolta_d%27adda/;Rivolta d'Adda;rivolta_d%27adda
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/san_giovanni_in_croce/;San Giovanni in Croce;san_giovanni_in_croce
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/san_martino_del_lago/;San Martino del Lago;san_martino_del_lago
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/sergnano/;Sergnano;sergnano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/sesto_ed_uniti/;Sesto ed Uniti;sesto_ed_uniti
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/soresina/;Soresina;soresina
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/spino_d%27adda/;Spino d'Adda;spino_d%27adda
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/trescore_cremasco/;Trescore Cremasco;trescore_cremasco
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/trigolo/;Trigolo;trigolo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/vailate/;Vailate;vailate
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/vescovato/;Vescovato;vescovato
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/volongo/;Volongo;volongo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/cr/voltido/;Voltido;voltido
