http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/amorosi/;Amorosi;amorosi
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/apice/;Apice;apice
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/apollosa/;Apollosa;apollosa
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/arpaia/;Arpaia;arpaia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/arpaise/;Arpaise;arpaise
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/baselice/;Baselice;baselice
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/benevento/;Benevento;benevento
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/calvi/;Calvi;calvi
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/campolattaro/;Campolattaro;campolattaro
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/campoli_del_monte_taburno/;Campoli del Monte Taburno;campoli_del_monte_taburno
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/casalduni/;Casalduni;casalduni
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/castelpagano/;Castelpagano;castelpagano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/castelpoto/;Castelpoto;castelpoto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/castelvenere/;Castelvenere;castelvenere
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/castelvetere_in_val_fortore/;Castelvetere in Val Fortore;castelvetere_in_val_fortore
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/ceppaloni/;Ceppaloni;ceppaloni
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/circello/;Circello;circello
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/dugenta/;Dugenta;dugenta
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/durazzano/;Durazzano;durazzano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/faicchio/;Faicchio;faicchio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/fragneto_l%27abate/;Fragneto l'Abate;fragneto_l%27abate
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/fragneto_monforte/;Fragneto Monforte;fragneto_monforte
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/frasso_telesino/;Frasso Telesino;frasso_telesino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/guardia_sanframondi/;Guardia Sanframondi;guardia_sanframondi
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/limatola/;Limatola;limatola
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/melizzano/;Melizzano;melizzano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/molinara/;Molinara;molinara
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/montesarchio/;Montesarchio;montesarchio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/morcone/;Morcone;morcone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/pesco_sannita/;Pesco Sannita;pesco_sannita
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/ponte/;Ponte;ponte
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/pontelandolfo/;Pontelandolfo;pontelandolfo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/reino/;Reino;reino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/san_giorgio_del_sannio/;San Giorgio del Sannio;san_giorgio_del_sannio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/san_giorgio_la_molara/;San Giorgio La Molara;san_giorgio_la_molara
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/san_leucio_del_sannio/;San Leucio del Sannio;san_leucio_del_sannio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/san_lorenzello/;San Lorenzello;san_lorenzello
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/san_lorenzo_maggiore/;San Lorenzo Maggiore;san_lorenzo_maggiore
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/san_lupo/;San Lupo;san_lupo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/san_marco_dei_cavoti/;San Marco dei Cavoti;san_marco_dei_cavoti
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/san_martino_sannita/;San Martino Sannita;san_martino_sannita
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/san_nazzaro/;San Nazzaro;san_nazzaro
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/san_nicola_manfredi/;San Nicola Manfredi;san_nicola_manfredi
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/sant%27agata_de%27_goti/;Sant'Agata de' Goti;sant%27agata_de%27_goti
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/sant%27arcangelo_trimonte/;Sant'Arcangelo Trimonte;sant%27arcangelo_trimonte
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/santa_croce_del_sannio/;Santa Croce del Sannio;santa_croce_del_sannio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/sassinoro/;Sassinoro;sassinoro
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/solopaca/;Solopaca;solopaca
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/telese_terme/;Telese Terme;telese_terme
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/bn/tocco_caudio/;Tocco Caudio;tocco_caudio
