http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/aiello_del_friuli/;Aiello del Friuli;aiello_del_friuli
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/amaro/;Amaro;amaro
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/ampezzo/;Ampezzo;ampezzo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/aquileia/;Aquileia;aquileia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/arta_terme/;Arta Terme;arta_terme
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/artegna/;Artegna;artegna
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/attimis/;Attimis;attimis
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/bagnaria_arsa/;Bagnaria Arsa;bagnaria_arsa
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/basiliano/;Basiliano;basiliano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/bertiolo/;Bertiolo;bertiolo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/bicinicco/;Bicinicco;bicinicco
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/bordano/;Bordano;bordano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/buja/;Buja;buja
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/buttrio/;Buttrio;buttrio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/camino_al_tagliamento/;Camino al Tagliamento;camino_al_tagliamento
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/campoformido/;Campoformido;campoformido
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/campolongo_al_torre/;Campolongo al Torre;campolongo_al_torre
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/carlino/;Carlino;carlino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/cassacco/;Cassacco;cassacco
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/castions_di_strada/;Castions di Strada;castions_di_strada
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/cavazzo_carnico/;Cavazzo Carnico;cavazzo_carnico
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/cercivento/;Cercivento;cercivento
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/cervignano_del_friuli/;Cervignano del Friuli;cervignano_del_friuli
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/chiopris-viscone/;Chiopris-Viscone;chiopris-viscone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/chiusaforte/;Chiusaforte;chiusaforte
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/cividale_del_friuli/;Cividale del Friuli;cividale_del_friuli
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/codroipo/;Codroipo;codroipo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/colloredo_di_monte_albano/;Colloredo di Monte Albano;colloredo_di_monte_albano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/comeglians/;Comeglians;comeglians
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/corno_di_rosazzo/;Corno di Rosazzo;corno_di_rosazzo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/coseano/;Coseano;coseano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/dignano/;Dignano;dignano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/dogna/;Dogna;dogna
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/drenchia/;Drenchia;drenchia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/enemonzo/;Enemonzo;enemonzo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/faedis/;Faedis;faedis
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/fagagna/;Fagagna;fagagna
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/fiumicello/;Fiumicello;fiumicello
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/flaibano/;Flaibano;flaibano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/forgaria_nel_friuli/;Forgaria nel Friuli;forgaria_nel_friuli
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/forni_avoltri/;Forni Avoltri;forni_avoltri
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/forni_di_sopra/;Forni di Sopra;forni_di_sopra
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/forni_di_sotto/;Forni di Sotto;forni_di_sotto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/gemona_del_friuli/;Gemona del Friuli;gemona_del_friuli
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/gonars/;Gonars;gonars
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/grimacco/;Grimacco;grimacco
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/latisana/;Latisana;latisana
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/lauco/;Lauco;lauco
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/lestizza/;Lestizza;lestizza
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/lignano_sabbiadoro/;Lignano Sabbiadoro;lignano_sabbiadoro
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/ligosullo/;Ligosullo;ligosullo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/lusevera/;Lusevera;lusevera
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/magnano_in_riviera/;Magnano in Riviera;magnano_in_riviera
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/majano/;Majano;majano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/malborghetto_valbruna/;Malborghetto Valbruna;malborghetto_valbruna
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/manzano/;Manzano;manzano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/marano_lagunare/;Marano Lagunare;marano_lagunare
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/martignacco/;Martignacco;martignacco
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/mereto_di_tomba/;Mereto di Tomba;mereto_di_tomba
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/moggio_udinese/;Moggio Udinese;moggio_udinese
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/moimacco/;Moimacco;moimacco
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/montenars/;Montenars;montenars
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/mortegliano/;Mortegliano;mortegliano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/moruzzo/;Moruzzo;moruzzo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/muzzana_del_turgnano/;Muzzana del Turgnano;muzzana_del_turgnano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/nimis/;Nimis;nimis
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/osoppo/;Osoppo;osoppo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/ovaro/;Ovaro;ovaro
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/pagnacco/;Pagnacco;pagnacco
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/palazzolo_dello_stella/;Palazzolo dello Stella;palazzolo_dello_stella
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/palmanova/;Palmanova;palmanova
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/paluzza/;Paluzza;paluzza
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/pasian_di_prato/;Pasian di Prato;pasian_di_prato
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/paularo/;Paularo;paularo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/pavia_di_udine/;Pavia di Udine;pavia_di_udine
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/pocenia/;Pocenia;pocenia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/pontebba/;Pontebba;pontebba
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/porpetto/;Porpetto;porpetto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/povoletto/;Povoletto;povoletto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/pozzuolo_del_friuli/;Pozzuolo del Friuli;pozzuolo_del_friuli
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/pradamano/;Pradamano;pradamano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/prato_carnico/;Prato Carnico;prato_carnico
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/precenicco/;Precenicco;precenicco
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/premariacco/;Premariacco;premariacco
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/preone/;Preone;preone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/prepotto/;Prepotto;prepotto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/pulfero/;Pulfero;pulfero
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/ragogna/;Ragogna;ragogna
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/ravascletto/;Ravascletto;ravascletto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/raveo/;Raveo;raveo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/reana_del_rojale/;Reana del Rojale;reana_del_rojale
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/remanzacco/;Remanzacco;remanzacco
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/resia/;Resia;resia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/resiutta/;Resiutta;resiutta
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/rigolato/;Rigolato;rigolato
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/rive_d%27arcano/;Rive d'Arcano;rive_d%27arcano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/rivignano/;Rivignano;rivignano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/ronchis/;Ronchis;ronchis
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/ruda/;Ruda;ruda
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/san_daniele_del_friuli/;San Daniele del Friuli;san_daniele_del_friuli
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/san_giorgio_di_nogaro/;San Giorgio di Nogaro;san_giorgio_di_nogaro
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/san_giovanni_al_natisone/;San Giovanni al Natisone;san_giovanni_al_natisone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/san_leonardo/;San Leonardo;san_leonardo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/san_pietro_al_natisone/;San Pietro al Natisone;san_pietro_al_natisone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/santa_maria_la_longa/;Santa Maria la Longa;santa_maria_la_longa
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/san_vito_al_torre/;San Vito al Torre;san_vito_al_torre
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/san_vito_di_fagagna/;San Vito di Fagagna;san_vito_di_fagagna
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/sauris/;Sauris;sauris
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/savogna/;Savogna;savogna
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/sedegliano/;Sedegliano;sedegliano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/socchieve/;Socchieve;socchieve
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/stregna/;Stregna;stregna
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/sutrio/;Sutrio;sutrio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/taipana/;Taipana;taipana
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/talmassons/;Talmassons;talmassons
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/tapogliano/;Tapogliano;tapogliano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/tarcento/;Tarcento;tarcento
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/tarvisio/;Tarvisio;tarvisio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/tavagnacco/;Tavagnacco;tavagnacco
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/teor/;Teor;teor
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/terzo_d%27aquileia/;Terzo d'Aquileia;terzo_d%27aquileia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/tolmezzo/;Tolmezzo;tolmezzo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/torreano/;Torreano;torreano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/torviscosa/;Torviscosa;torviscosa
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/trasaghis/;Trasaghis;trasaghis
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/treppo_carnico/;Treppo Carnico;treppo_carnico
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/treppo_grande/;Treppo Grande;treppo_grande
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/tricesimo/;Tricesimo;tricesimo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/trivignano_udinese/;Trivignano Udinese;trivignano_udinese
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/udine/;Udine;udine
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/varmo/;Varmo;varmo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/venzone/;Venzone;venzone
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/verzegnis/;Verzegnis;verzegnis
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/villa_santina/;Villa Santina;villa_santina
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/villa_vicentina/;Villa Vicentina;villa_vicentina
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/visco/;Visco;visco
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/ud/zuglio/;Zuglio;zuglio
