http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/abington/;Abington;abington
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/amston/;Amston;amston
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/andover/;Andover;andover
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/ansonia/;Ansonia;ansonia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/ashford/;Ashford;ashford
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/avon/;Avon;avon
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/ballouville/;Ballouville;ballouville
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/baltic/;Baltic;baltic
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/bantam/;Bantam;bantam
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/barkhamsted/;Barkhamsted;barkhamsted
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/beacon_falls/;Beacon Falls;beacon_falls
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/berlin/;Berlin;berlin
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/bethany/;Bethany;bethany
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/bethel/;Bethel;bethel
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/bethlehem/;Bethlehem;bethlehem
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/bloomfield/;Bloomfield;bloomfield
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/bolton/;Bolton;bolton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/botsford/;Botsford;botsford
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/bozrah/;Bozrah;bozrah
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/branford/;Branford;branford
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/bridgeport/;Bridgeport;bridgeport
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/bridgewater/;Bridgewater;bridgewater
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/bristol/;Bristol;bristol
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/broad_brook/;Broad Brook;broad_brook
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/brookfield/;Brookfield;brookfield
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/brooklyn/;Brooklyn;brooklyn
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/burlington/;Burlington;burlington
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/canaan/;Canaan;canaan
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/canterbury/;Canterbury;canterbury
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/canton/;Canton;canton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/canton_center/;Canton Center;canton_center
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/centerbrook/;Centerbrook;centerbrook
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/central_village/;Central Village;central_village
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/chaplin/;Chaplin;chaplin
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/cheshire/;Cheshire;cheshire
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/chester/;Chester;chester
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/clinton/;Clinton;clinton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/cobalt/;Cobalt;cobalt
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/colchester/;Colchester;colchester
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/colebrook/;Colebrook;colebrook
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/collinsville/;Collinsville;collinsville
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/columbia/;Columbia;columbia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/cornwall/;Cornwall;cornwall
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/cornwall_bridge/;Cornwall Bridge;cornwall_bridge
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/cos_cob/;Cos Cob;cos_cob
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/coventry/;Coventry;coventry
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/cromwell/;Cromwell;cromwell
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/danbury/;Danbury;danbury
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/danielson/;Danielson;danielson
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/darien/;Darien;darien
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/dayville/;Dayville;dayville
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/deep_river/;Deep River;deep_river
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/derby/;Derby;derby
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/durham/;Durham;durham
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/east_berlin/;East Berlin;east_berlin
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/east_canaan/;East Canaan;east_canaan
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/eastford/;Eastford;eastford
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/east_glastonbury/;East Glastonbury;east_glastonbury
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/east_granby/;East Granby;east_granby
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/east_haddam/;East Haddam;east_haddam
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/east_hampton/;East Hampton;east_hampton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/east_hartford/;East Hartford;east_hartford
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/east_hartland/;East Hartland;east_hartland
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/east_haven/;East Haven;east_haven
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/east_killingly/;East Killingly;east_killingly
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/east_lyme/;East Lyme;east_lyme
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/easton/;Easton;easton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/east_windsor/;East Windsor;east_windsor
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/east_windsor_hill/;East Windsor Hill;east_windsor_hill
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/east_woodstock/;East Woodstock;east_woodstock
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/ellington/;Ellington;ellington
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/enfield/;Enfield;enfield
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/essex/;Essex;essex
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/fabyan/;Fabyan;fabyan
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/fairfield/;Fairfield;fairfield
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/falls_village/;Falls Village;falls_village
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/farmington/;Farmington;farmington
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/gales_ferry/;Gales Ferry;gales_ferry
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/gaylordsville/;Gaylordsville;gaylordsville
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/georgetown/;Georgetown;georgetown
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/gilman/;Gilman;gilman
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/glastonbury/;Glastonbury;glastonbury
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/goshen/;Goshen;goshen
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/granby/;Granby;granby
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/greens_farms/;Greens Farms;greens_farms
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/greenwich/;Greenwich;greenwich
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/grosvenor_dale/;Grosvenor Dale;grosvenor_dale
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/groton/;Groton;groton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/guilford/;Guilford;guilford
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/haddam/;Haddam;haddam
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/hadlyme/;Hadlyme;hadlyme
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/hamden/;Hamden;hamden
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/hampton/;Hampton;hampton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/hanover/;Hanover;hanover
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/hartford/;Hartford;hartford
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/harwinton/;Harwinton;harwinton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/hawleyville/;Hawleyville;hawleyville
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/hebron/;Hebron;hebron
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/higganum/;Higganum;higganum
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/ivoryton/;Ivoryton;ivoryton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/jewett_city/;Jewett City;jewett_city
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/kent/;Kent;kent
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/killingworth/;Killingworth;killingworth
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/lakeside/;Lakeside;lakeside
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/lakeville/;Lakeville;lakeville
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/lebanon/;Lebanon;lebanon
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/ledyard/;Ledyard;ledyard
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/litchfield/;Litchfield;litchfield
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/madison/;Madison;madison
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/manchester/;Manchester;manchester
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/mansfield_center/;Mansfield Center;mansfield_center
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/mansfield_depot/;Mansfield Depot;mansfield_depot
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/marion/;Marion;marion
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/marlborough/;Marlborough;marlborough
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/mashantucket/;Mashantucket;mashantucket
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/meriden/;Meriden;meriden
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/middlebury/;Middlebury;middlebury
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/middlefield/;Middlefield;middlefield
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/middle_haddam/;Middle Haddam;middle_haddam
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/middletown/;Middletown;middletown
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/milford/;Milford;milford
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/milldale/;Milldale;milldale
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/monroe/;Monroe;monroe
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/montville/;Montville;montville
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/moodus/;Moodus;moodus
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/moosup/;Moosup;moosup
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/morris/;Morris;morris
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/mystic/;Mystic;mystic
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/naugatuck/;Naugatuck;naugatuck
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/new_britain/;New Britain;new_britain
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/new_canaan/;New Canaan;new_canaan
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/new_fairfield/;New Fairfield;new_fairfield
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/new_hartford/;New Hartford;new_hartford
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/new_haven/;New Haven;new_haven
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/newington/;Newington;newington
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/new_london/;New London;new_london
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/new_milford/;New Milford;new_milford
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/new_preston_marble_dale/;New Preston Marble Dale;new_preston_marble_dale
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/newtown/;Newtown;newtown
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/niantic/;Niantic;niantic
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/norfolk/;Norfolk;norfolk
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/north_branford/;North Branford;north_branford
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/north_canton/;North Canton;north_canton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/northfield/;Northfield;northfield
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/northford/;Northford;northford
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/north_franklin/;North Franklin;north_franklin
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/north_granby/;North Granby;north_granby
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/north_grosvenordale/;North Grosvenordale;north_grosvenordale
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/north_haven/;North Haven;north_haven
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/north_stonington/;North Stonington;north_stonington
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/north_westchester/;North Westchester;north_westchester
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/north_windham/;North Windham;north_windham
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/norwalk/;Norwalk;norwalk
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/norwich/;Norwich;norwich
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/oakdale/;Oakdale;oakdale
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/oakville/;Oakville;oakville
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/old_greenwich/;Old Greenwich;old_greenwich
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/old_lyme/;Old Lyme;old_lyme
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/old_mystic/;Old Mystic;old_mystic
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/old_saybrook/;Old Saybrook;old_saybrook
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/oneco/;Oneco;oneco
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/orange/;Orange;orange
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/oxford/;Oxford;oxford
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/pawcatuck/;Pawcatuck;pawcatuck
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/pequabuck/;Pequabuck;pequabuck
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/pine_meadow/;Pine Meadow;pine_meadow
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/plainfield/;Plainfield;plainfield
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/plainville/;Plainville;plainville
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/plantsville/;Plantsville;plantsville
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/plymouth/;Plymouth;plymouth
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/pomfret/;Pomfret;pomfret
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/pomfret_center/;Pomfret Center;pomfret_center
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/poquonock/;Poquonock;poquonock
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/portland/;Portland;portland
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/preston/;Preston;preston
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/prospect/;Prospect;prospect
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/putnam/;Putnam;putnam
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/quaker_hill/;Quaker Hill;quaker_hill
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/quinebaug/;Quinebaug;quinebaug
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/redding/;Redding;redding
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/redding_center/;Redding Center;redding_center
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/redding_ridge/;Redding Ridge;redding_ridge
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/ridgefield/;Ridgefield;ridgefield
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/riverside/;Riverside;riverside
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/riverton/;Riverton;riverton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/rockfall/;Rockfall;rockfall
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/rocky_hill/;Rocky Hill;rocky_hill
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/rogers/;Rogers;rogers
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/roxbury/;Roxbury;roxbury
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/salem/;Salem;salem
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/salisbury/;Salisbury;salisbury
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/sandy_hook/;Sandy Hook;sandy_hook
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/scotland/;Scotland;scotland
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/seymour/;Seymour;seymour
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/sharon/;Sharon;sharon
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/shelton/;Shelton;shelton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/sherman/;Sherman;sherman
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/simsbury/;Simsbury;simsbury
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/somers/;Somers;somers
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/somersville/;Somersville;somersville
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/south_britain/;South Britain;south_britain
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/southbury/;Southbury;southbury
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/south_glastonbury/;South Glastonbury;south_glastonbury
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/southington/;Southington;southington
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/south_kent/;South Kent;south_kent
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/south_lyme/;South Lyme;south_lyme
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/southport/;Southport;southport
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/south_willington/;South Willington;south_willington
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/south_windham/;South Windham;south_windham
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/south_windsor/;South Windsor;south_windsor
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/south_woodstock/;South Woodstock;south_woodstock
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/stafford/;Stafford;stafford
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/stafford_springs/;Stafford Springs;stafford_springs
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/staffordville/;Staffordville;staffordville
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/stamford/;Stamford;stamford
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/sterling/;Sterling;sterling
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/stevenson/;Stevenson;stevenson
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/stonington/;Stonington;stonington
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/storrs_mansfield/;Storrs Mansfield;storrs_mansfield
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/stratford/;Stratford;stratford
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/suffield/;Suffield;suffield
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/taconic/;Taconic;taconic
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/taftville/;Taftville;taftville
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/tariffville/;Tariffville;tariffville
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/terryville/;Terryville;terryville
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/thomaston/;Thomaston;thomaston
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/thompson/;Thompson;thompson
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/tolland/;Tolland;tolland
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/torrington/;Torrington;torrington
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/trumbull/;Trumbull;trumbull
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/uncasville/;Uncasville;uncasville
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/unionville/;Unionville;unionville
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/vernon_rockville/;Vernon Rockville;vernon_rockville
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/versailles/;Versailles;versailles
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/voluntown/;Voluntown;voluntown
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/wallingford/;Wallingford;wallingford
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/washington/;Washington;washington
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/washington_depot/;Washington Depot;washington_depot
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/waterbury/;Waterbury;waterbury
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/waterford/;Waterford;waterford
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/watertown/;Watertown;watertown
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/wauregan/;Wauregan;wauregan
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/weatogue/;Weatogue;weatogue
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/westbrook/;Westbrook;westbrook
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/west_cornwall/;West Cornwall;west_cornwall
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/west_granby/;West Granby;west_granby
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/west_hartford/;West Hartford;west_hartford
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/west_hartland/;West Hartland;west_hartland
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/west_haven/;West Haven;west_haven
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/west_mystic/;West Mystic;west_mystic
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/weston/;Weston;weston
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/westport/;Westport;westport
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/west_simsbury/;West Simsbury;west_simsbury
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/west_suffield/;West Suffield;west_suffield
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/wethersfield/;Wethersfield;wethersfield
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/willimantic/;Willimantic;willimantic
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/willington/;Willington;willington
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/wilton/;Wilton;wilton
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/winchester_center/;Winchester Center;winchester_center
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/windham/;Windham;windham
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/windsor/;Windsor;windsor
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/windsor_locks/;Windsor Locks;windsor_locks
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/winsted/;Winsted;winsted
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/wolcott/;Wolcott;wolcott
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/woodbridge/;Woodbridge;woodbridge
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/woodbury/;Woodbury;woodbury
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/woodstock/;Woodstock;woodstock
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/woodstock_valley/;Woodstock Valley;woodstock_valley
http://www.meetup.com/cities/us/ct/yantic/;Yantic;yantic
