http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/alor_gajah/;Alor Gajah;alor_gajah
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/alor_setar/;Alor Setar;alor_setar
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/ampang_jaya/;Ampang Jaya;ampang_jaya
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/ayer_itam/;Ayer Itam;ayer_itam
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/ayer_keroh/;Ayer Keroh;ayer_keroh
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/balakong/;Balakong;balakong
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/bandar_penggaram/;Bandar Penggaram;bandar_penggaram
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/banting/;Banting;banting
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/bintulu/;Bintulu;bintulu
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/bukit_mertajam/;Bukit Mertajam;bukit_mertajam
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/butterworth/;Butterworth;butterworth
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/gelugor/;Gelugor;gelugor
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/georgetown/;Georgetown;georgetown
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/gombak_setia/;Gombak Setia;gombak_setia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/ipoh/;Ipoh;ipoh
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/johor_bahru/;Johor Bahru;johor_bahru
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/kajang-sungai_chua/;Kajang-Sungai Chua;kajang-sungai_chua
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/keningau/;Keningau;keningau
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/klang/;Klang;klang
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/kluang/;Kluang;kluang
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/kota_bahru/;Kota Bahru;kota_bahru
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/kota_kinabalu/;Kota Kinabalu;kota_kinabalu
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/kuala_kubu_baru/;Kuala Kubu Baru;kuala_kubu_baru
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/kuala_lumpur/;Kuala Lumpur;kuala_lumpur
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/kuala_selangor/;Kuala Selangor;kuala_selangor
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/kuala_terengganu/;Kuala Terengganu;kuala_terengganu
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/kuantan/;Kuantan;kuantan
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/kuching/;Kuching;kuching
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/kulai/;Kulai;kulai
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/kulim/;Kulim;kulim
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/lumut/;Lumut;lumut
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/melaka/;Melaka;melaka
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/miri/;Miri;miri
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/nilai/;Nilai;nilai
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/pasir_gudang/;Pasir Gudang;pasir_gudang
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/perai/;Perai;perai
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/petaling_jaya/;Petaling Jaya;petaling_jaya
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/port_dickson/;Port Dickson;port_dickson
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/rawang/;Rawang;rawang
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/sandakan/;Sandakan;sandakan
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/sekudai/;Sekudai;sekudai
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/selayang_baru/;Selayang Baru;selayang_baru
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/seremban/;Seremban;seremban
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/shah_alam/;Shah Alam;shah_alam
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/sibu/;Sibu;sibu
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/subang_jaya/;Subang Jaya;subang_jaya
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/sungai_petani/;Sungai Petani;sungai_petani
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/taiping/;Taiping;taiping
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/tawau/;Tawau;tawau
http://www.meetup.com/cities/my/teluk_intan/;Teluk Intan;teluk_intan
