http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/bagno_a_ripoli/;Bagno a Ripoli;bagno_a_ripoli
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/barberino_di_mugello/;Barberino di Mugello;barberino_di_mugello
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/barberino_val_d%27elsa/;Barberino Val d'Elsa;barberino_val_d%27elsa
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/borgo_san_lorenzo/;Borgo San Lorenzo;borgo_san_lorenzo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/calenzano/;Calenzano;calenzano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/campi_bisenzio/;Campi Bisenzio;campi_bisenzio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/capraia_e_limite/;Capraia e Limite;capraia_e_limite
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/castelfiorentino/;Castelfiorentino;castelfiorentino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/cerreto_guidi/;Cerreto Guidi;cerreto_guidi
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/certaldo/;Certaldo;certaldo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/dicomano/;Dicomano;dicomano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/empoli/;Empoli;empoli
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/fiesole/;Fiesole;fiesole
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/figline_valdarno/;Figline Valdarno;figline_valdarno
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/firenze/;Firenze;firenze
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/firenzuola/;Firenzuola;firenzuola
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/fucecchio/;Fucecchio;fucecchio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/gambassi_terme/;Gambassi Terme;gambassi_terme
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/greve_in_chianti/;Greve in Chianti;greve_in_chianti
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/impruneta/;Impruneta;impruneta
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/incisa_in_val_d%27arno/;Incisa in Val d'Arno;incisa_in_val_d%27arno
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/lastra_a_signa/;Lastra a Signa;lastra_a_signa
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/londa/;Londa;londa
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/marradi/;Marradi;marradi
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/montaione/;Montaione;montaione
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/montelupo_fiorentino/;Montelupo Fiorentino;montelupo_fiorentino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/montespertoli/;Montespertoli;montespertoli
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/palazzuolo_sul_senio/;Palazzuolo sul Senio;palazzuolo_sul_senio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/pelago/;Pelago;pelago
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/pontassieve/;Pontassieve;pontassieve
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/reggello/;Reggello;reggello
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/rignano_sull%27arno/;Rignano sull'Arno;rignano_sull%27arno
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/rufina/;Rufina;rufina
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/san_casciano_in_val_di_pesa/;San Casciano in Val di Pesa;san_casciano_in_val_di_pesa
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/san_godenzo/;San Godenzo;san_godenzo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/san_piero_a_sieve/;San Piero a Sieve;san_piero_a_sieve
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/scandicci/;Scandicci;scandicci
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/scarperia/;Scarperia;scarperia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/sesto_fiorentino/;Sesto Fiorentino;sesto_fiorentino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/signa/;Signa;signa
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/tavarnelle_val_di_pesa/;Tavarnelle Val di Pesa;tavarnelle_val_di_pesa
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/vaglia/;Vaglia;vaglia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/vicchio/;Vicchio;vicchio
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/fi/vinci/;Vinci;vinci
