http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/asolo/;Asolo;asolo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/borso_del_grappa/;Borso del Grappa;borso_del_grappa
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/cappella_maggiore/;Cappella Maggiore;cappella_maggiore
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/carbonera/;Carbonera;carbonera
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/casier/;Casier;casier
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/castelfranco_veneto/;Castelfranco Veneto;castelfranco_veneto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/castello_di_godego/;Castello di Godego;castello_di_godego
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/cison_di_valmarino/;Cison di Valmarino;cison_di_valmarino
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/colle_umberto/;Colle Umberto;colle_umberto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/conegliano/;Conegliano;conegliano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/cordignano/;Cordignano;cordignano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/crespano_del_grappa/;Crespano del Grappa;crespano_del_grappa
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/crocetta_del_montello/;Crocetta del Montello;crocetta_del_montello
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/giavera_del_montello/;Giavera del Montello;giavera_del_montello
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/loria/;Loria;loria
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/mareno_di_piave/;Mareno di Piave;mareno_di_piave
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/maser/;Maser;maser
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/meduna_di_livenza/;Meduna di Livenza;meduna_di_livenza
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/mogliano_veneto/;Mogliano Veneto;mogliano_veneto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/montebelluna/;Montebelluna;montebelluna
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/motta_di_livenza/;Motta di Livenza;motta_di_livenza
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/nervesa_della_battaglia/;Nervesa della Battaglia;nervesa_della_battaglia
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/oderzo/;Oderzo;oderzo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/ormelle/;Ormelle;ormelle
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/paese/;Paese;paese
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/pederobba/;Pederobba;pederobba
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/pieve_di_soligo/;Pieve di Soligo;pieve_di_soligo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/ponzano_veneto/;Ponzano Veneto;ponzano_veneto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/povegliano/;Povegliano;povegliano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/preganziol/;Preganziol;preganziol
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/quinto_di_treviso/;Quinto di Treviso;quinto_di_treviso
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/refrontolo/;Refrontolo;refrontolo
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/resana/;Resana;resana
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/riese_pio_x/;Riese Pio X;riese_pio_x
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/roncade/;Roncade;roncade
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/san_biagio_di_callalta/;San Biagio di Callalta;san_biagio_di_callalta
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/san_vendemiano/;San Vendemiano;san_vendemiano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/santa_lucia_di_piave/;Santa Lucia di Piave;santa_lucia_di_piave
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/sarmede/;Sarmede;sarmede
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/silea/;Silea;silea
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/spresiano/;Spresiano;spresiano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/susegana/;Susegana;susegana
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/trevignano/;Trevignano;trevignano
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/treviso/;Treviso;treviso
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/vazzola/;Vazzola;vazzola
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/vedelago/;Vedelago;vedelago
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/villorba/;Villorba;villorba
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/vittorio_veneto/;Vittorio Veneto;vittorio_veneto
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/volpago_del_montello/;Volpago del Montello;volpago_del_montello
http://www.meetup.com/cities/it/tv/zero_branco/;Zero Branco;zero_branco
